opt quick start doc (#776)
mosn/htnn: site/content/en/docs/getting-started/quick_start.md

TEST SUITE: None
```

Check the installed components：

```shell
$ helm status htnn-controller -n istio-system                                                                                                                                            ─╯
NAME: htnn-controller
LAST DEPLOYED: Tue Oct  8 20:13:59 2024
NAMESPACE: istio-system
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
NOTES:
To learn more about the release, try:
  $ helm status htnn-controller -n istio-system
  $ helm get all htnn-controller -n istio-system
```

check the installed components by this command `helm get all htnn-controller -n istio-system`

> **Note**: we will install more resource in this step, please make sure you are in a clean k8s cluster or there will be no resource conflict. Here we will pull the `m.daocloud.io/ghcr.io/mosn/htnn-controller` image, if there is a network problem, you need to configure the network proxy or manually download this image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: we will install many resources in this step, please make sure you are in a clean k8s cluster or there will be no resource conflict. Here we will pull the `ghcr.io/mosn/htnn-controller` image, if there is a network problem, you need to configure the network proxy or manually download this image.
```

The image downloaded from the English doc is different from the Chinese one.
